1999. You survived your first Championship!
I meant to say that you WON your first Championship. And you are alive.

You also found a Personal Sponsor, Mister Super Star!

NOTE: this second year may be about moving on to European Tracks

The company is called CheDr Ltd. A bit of googling leaves you with the impression that the company may either be a scam or a full-fledged money laundry. On the other hand, this season has already been paid for, and it is not that different from what happened last year right?

As you return to your regular Panic state, you realize that maybe there is a connection between Richard's disappearance and CheDr, that maybe the company has a hidden agenda, and that is why they are interested on giving you money for your hobby, because at the end of the day, something has to justify spending money on someone who is neither Hamilton nor Stroll.

There is a little "situation" though. Your Sponsor is not only interested on this Mini championship, but on a new Touring Car championship that will start next year.

This means that, on top of your races, you will be testing that you have what it takes to drive that new car.

That's a nice problem to have, but it will leave you no time for other jobs, hobbies or socializing.

Again, your call
- [click here to continue getting your hands dirty](./14963.md)
- click here to update your Instagram profile to "former race champion"


1999. You smashed your first Championship!

Nah, scratch that, you absolutely bossed it and took home the win. And guess what? You're still alive and kicking.

Plus, you've landed yourself a Personal Sponsor, Mister Super Star!

Listen up, mate: This second year might see you hitting up some European Tracks.

Now, about this CheDr Ltd. After a bit of online snooping, it looks like they might be a bit dodgy, maybe even mixed up in some shady business. But hey, the season's already paid for, and it's not that different from last year, right?

But as you slip back into your usual panic mode, you start to wonder if there's a link between Richard's disappearance and CheDr. Maybe they've got some hidden agenda, and that's why they're throwing money at your hobby. 'Cause let's be real, why else would they invest in someone who's not Hamilton or Stroll?

And here's the twist: Your Sponsor isn't just keen on this Mini championship, they're eyeing up a new Touring Car championship starting next year.

So yeah, you'll be juggling races and proving yourself in a new ride.

It's a sweet problem to have, but it'll eat up all your time, leaving zilch for other gigs, hobbies, or chilling with mates.

Again, it's on you:

- [Click here to keep getting down and dirty in the races.](./14963.md)
- Click here to switch your Instagram profile to "former race champion".



