Congratulations on making a profit out of a colleague's misfortunes with the local Mafia!

You are excited, you cannot wait for the first race weekend to come, you have checked your car upside down a thousand times and drove to the different tracks several times... you just discovered that racing makes you feel alive! You are so obsessed with the whole thing that you start panicking because your second year has not been paid for! And the package you are about to enjoy is not exactly cheap.

What were you thinking? No proper Pilot would race for one year and then disappear! Now you start hating your former friend for not paying a second year in advance. Great! you will need to either sell your soul to the Devil or get a Sponsor if you want to keep racing next year.

Alright, let's breath deep and stop complaining, you need to focus on this year's race calendar for now.

The championship races on the same tracks and days as the official BTCC:
  - 13 April Thruxton
  - 26 April Silverstone
  - 04 May Donington
  - 17 May Brands Hatch
  - 25 May Oulton Park
  - 14 June Donington
  - 28 June Croft
  - 26 July Snetterton
  - 02 August Thruxton
  - 16 August Knockhill
  - 31 August Brands Hatch
  - 13 September Oulton Park
  - 20 September Silverstone

, but before the season starts, you realise it may be a good idea to get some help. Your best mate, Tom, is more of a Car freak than you'll ever be. On the other hand, he may be jealous that you got Richard's riches.

What's it going to be?
- [Click here if you call Tom for help](./19126.md)

Otherwise, get to GTR2 and start the Championship named "" straight away, then come back and click here when (if) you finish #1 on the Championship! 031
