The year is 1998.

You (obviously) love fast cars and have spent your whole youth racing your mates hard at the local go-Kart Track.

Your phone rings, it's Richard, one of your Karting buddies.
- I...will not be home...for a long time. Check your mailbox...I left something for you...do with it whatever you like. It's useless to me now anyways - The guy could barely talk and was probably not listening to your questions. Then he hanged the phone and, apparently, killed it with fire, because there is no chance you can get him on the line.

Ah, good old Richard, he was always weird! Weird as in leave-the-country-in-a-rush-weird, and he somehow fancied you, because he left an envelope with a set of car keys and an address. You get there and see what's below the nylon cloth: it's a Mini Cooper s 1275!

Lots of thoughts bomb your head right away. Is there a catch? Will the car run? Since when does Richard drive a classic? Does the car have anything to do with Rich flying away?

You get in the car, turn it on... It's alive!

You literally cannot believe your luck. Then you calm down, sort your thoughts  and start thinking about the possibilities.

This thing is probably worth quite some money, maybe you could just sell it and use the money to get something cheaper. A quick search through the Interwebs shows that it would actually be a wise move, historical cars are getting more expensive by the hour.
On the other hand, what if Richard returns and wants his car back? Probably you should at least wait a couple of months before selling it, probably even for more money.

As you look for the service record in the glove box, you find another booklet.

Apparently, Richard the Great (as you decided to call him from now on) had enrolled the car in some kind of Championship. He never mentioned he was such a pro...but then again, he didn't speak much and we are all wondering why on earth he had to disappear.

But wait, there's more! the papers are for a Championship that has not yet started. There is a telephone number on the booklet. The guy on the line sounds angry, "So you won't be showing up? Remember: no refunds". Apparently the whole inscription and costs were paid upfront.

You could race the car yourself, right?

Then you start being pessimistic as usual: people may look at you weird, they will know something is wrong, start asking questions about the owner... and probably race you harder than if you were Albon on a RedBull F1 car. You (or your feelings) may get hurt.

So, what's it going to be? Choose:
- [Let's do this! I dreamed once that I was the next Max Verstappen, and that has to mean something, right?](./10871.md)
- [I think I should sell the car. Richard told me I could do whatever I wanted with it, right?](./14045.md)
