# The minijob

The year was 1999. 
The Australian GP was ongoing while an almost-irrelevant guy named Marco Jones sat on a sofa located almost-precisely at the other end of the almost-spherical planet we call Earth, his eyes fighting to stay open for it was very early in the morning or very late in the night, depending on which shift you are used to work.

Finally, his head started to concede and lean back with his eyes pointing at the inside of his skull, staring at his brain, waiting for clear orders on what to do.

Marco spent most of his adulthood (so far) wondering what to do next, and that made some human rituals extremely difficult for him. 
A good illustrative example would be the act of taking a shower, which was preceded by an alarm to gather supplies such as towel and washcloth, another one to ensure the shower area was clean and free of any hazards, another one to adjust water temperature and so on. 
Readers not familiarized with the steps of taking a shower may do well by getting to ChatGPT and asking "what are the steps required to take a shower?"

The only thing that Marco was instinctively very aware of and prepared against was his neck pain, and so after his head had tilted 45 degrees upwards, he suddenly woke up, rotating back his head to its regular position, while opening his eyes like a frog in front of a car at night, breathing in, and standing up from the sofa.
Only this time he was not really at home. He was not really anywhere he would recognize, other than the smell of old fabric with a pinch of mold. He was not even standing, and that made him dizzy to the point that he had to sit back again, even though he was already sitting down.

What did just happen? he wondered, unaware of the tens of rules of physics he had just proven wrong. As usual, he did not know what to do next, which gave him the classic sense of unease that he was so used to, but then something remarkable happened: without clear external instructions, he looked around.

He was definitely inside a car. A very small car. He did not recognize his clothes, which were of higher quality than usual in that colors looked bright and nothing was itching at all. 
He got a second glimpse of instinct magic when he used the car's mirror to look at himself, only to discover that the self part of himself was missing. Instead, another guy was staring at him, not too different from his own appearance (nothing worth remembering, not even a weird nose) but still not quite the same bloke.

Was this a good time to scream "what the fuck?" he was not sure and so he screamed nothing.
That was a pretty intelligent idea after all, for hearing a stranger's voice from inside your head is one of the most common causes of madness, and inevitably a different body would produce a different tone when speaking.

Something else was odd though, other than the obvious, as more and more of those instinctive moves just kept happening. This time he looked around for answers in the form of an ID, papers on the car...anything that would give him an idea of who he now was. All of this without Marco having to go through the usual procedure of putting together a plan of action. That was definitely strange and it made this whole being inside a different body a bit less incredible in Marco's eyes.

A wallet is a very useful place to look for answers if you ever find yourself on the wrong body but please make sure the body is under your full control, otherwise you may be charged with burglary. 
This made Marco feel at unease, and he was close to giving up when he finally found an ID for some "Maximilian Power". 

He thought it nice that Max was so similar a name to his own, but he was not sure why, probably an early sign that he had not even conceived the idea of reverting that Body Snatching.

If a glove box is the wallet of a car, then old parking tickets are the ID card for those little metal boxes some people call friends. This one very little metal box had a lot of parking Tickets registered at Horsham, Sussex, which gave Marco a sense of deep sadness.
After all, he had just done the absurdly impossible possible, only to land in a body around 500 miles away. 

Marco was getting used to this new, weird, balance between planning his next step and letting go, when all of a sudden a guy named Jake started shouting at him from outside of the car.
"Mr. Power? hell-oooo!" 

Marco started opening the window until he realized it was taking too long and decided to open the door. That Jake guy looked like a mechanic, and the other Jakes behind also looked like mechanics. 
They were all laughing at Marco and this made him sad again. He had just done the absurdly impossible possible, only to be laughed at as usual.

"Mr. Power, are you OK?" asked the main Jake, triggering one of the most amazing reactions in Marco: a lie. A small lie that would unravel the rest of this story and make life much easier for the writers of this story.

"Not really, I did not sleep well last night" said Marco, which was 50% not true, making it a 50 times bigger lie than any lie he may have tried pulling off before.
The main Jake showed interest on his well-being for about 3 seconds, and then answered a "OK, then I will drive the car in myself", to which Marco replied with another lie.
"Can you please remind me what was wrong with the car again?, like I said, I probably didn't drink enough water today and..." lied Marco again, pulling another new personal lying record. "We are not that kind of workshop, Sir. Just to be clear, the car gets homologated and we are done". 
At this point, Marco was already out of the car and he realized it was an old Mini Cooper, with even less upholstery than the original would have had. Marco was not an expert on Minis but he had spent more time reading through car magazines than most regulra human beings.

Even under the most mind-blowing circumstances, some people still have one thing in mind, and so Marco asked "I don't recall where I put the bill, is there a chance that I can...", but this time the other Jakes didn't let him finish, and they brought him to the workshop's office, where Marco experienced a wave of Post Traumatic Stress after being presented with a sofa.

This uncontrollable feeling was unfair to that sofa, for it was not related in any way to the sofa Marco had back at home. Moreover it was unfair to all sofas in the world since there was no proof that all sofas would trigger a Body swap.

Marco tried sitting down slowly, then jumped back and forth and finally he figured out what had happened moments before the Body Snatch. Eyes closing, head tilting back, sudden waking up, and Bingo! he was back at home.

Now, plagued with a myriad questions about what had just happened, he did what everyone would do in 1999: get to Internet and use the so-called Google Beta to answer all of them. He got even more questions and so he decided to go back to Max's body once more, but he was no longer tired enough or sleepy to trigger the whole reaction.

... and so it happened that Marco remembered the effects of drinking half a liter lager in less than five minutes. Drink more than the regulatory 0.5 and you will find yourself dancing, singing or fighting somebody, take more than five minutes to drink it and you may find yourself energized and wanting more, but if you hit that sweet spot and take another five minutes to sit down and breathe, you will have secured a good sleep in 10 minutes.

When you jump into another body, the first thing you will experience is thirst, a small inconvenience if you master the body jumping skill to the level that Marco had already achieved, and yet he was not yet very good at timing, for the very first thing he saw after landing on Max's body was himself headbanging a guy. Probably he should wear a helmet and leave a reminder to keep it on at all times.
