# Introducing Tom

"what the actual fuck, mate?" said the guy in front of him. 

His name was Tom and his voice sounded terribly annoying, in that 75% of his voice came from his nose.
Still he looked like a very friendly fellow indeed, boasting a huge laughter despite the blood coming from his nose.

We don't know for sure how long it takes for something at our senses to trigger a thought in our minds, and that is why people think deja-vus are a real thing. 
In this case Tom's 2 seconds of silence triggered a thought on Marco: he may be dreaming and everybody and their dog knows that the only way to find out by pinching oneself to feel the pain. 
As he was reflecting on this possibility that all was just a dream, those 2 seconds of silence came to an abrupt end when Tom headbanged him back.

And so Marco was left with the question of what actually happened first, and which one arrived faster at his brain: the pain or the thought?

Smiling after getting punched is mandatory if you want to retaliate before cooling down, but not as mandatory as saying "now we are even" afterwards, and yet both can be considered as optional if we compare them to making nasty comments about the guy who headbanged you first. Also this writer really wants to explain you the plot but knows that's what bad writers do, so let's say Tom made a joke about how Max was born into riches, and save the rest for later.

Tom's posture suddenly changed to that of a young boy role-playing as his father, the bad cop, indicating that he wanted to get serious this time. He explained Marco all he knew about the next races they would participate in, and some training he had in mind for Marco to get up to speed, then he winked and said "literally".

Marco contemplated images of his childhood, playing with tiny cars on his room's carpet, crashing against a pencil case that played the role of a pitbox, having a horrendous explosion that the driver would definitely not survive, along with tens of spectators.
"Do you know where I could get half a liter lager right now, Tom?"

[Continue...](003.md)  
