//		
//	======================================
//	 * Power&Glory sounds - by DucFreak *
//	======================================
//
//__________________________________________________________
//
//	- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
//	Modification, re-use or re-release of these sound
//	files (.WAV and .AUD/SFX files) is expressly forbidden
//	without the authors expressed permission!
//	- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
//	      !!! PLEASE RESPECT MY WORK !!!
//
//__________________________________________________________


This document refers to the "Power&Glory" folder (located in ...\Gamedata\Sounds) which contains folders with sound samples inside.

All engine sounds were done from scratch.

The exception goes for the Ford 427ci low and mid RPM samples (original Saleen GTR2 sounds) used in the Cobra 427 and GT40MkII engine sounds, as well for a few sound effects still in use but modified, from GTR2 originals.
For these original samples, the credits go to Greg Hill. 

All samples were implemented from scratch and on purpose for the Power&Glory mod.

Conversion and/or modification of any of the sounds made for Power&Glory is not allowed, whatever the destination platform or project.

If you ever wish to use these sounds in your own releases, PLEASE CONTACT ME FIRST!

Permissions may be granted for serious projects and according to certain conditions (see also the disclaimer section further below).


You can contact me by:

    Email: luciomarques7@gmail.com

    Private-Message on: www.nogripracing.com


Thanx for reading this! :-)

Regards,
DucFreak


==================================
** ARTISTS RIGHTS / DISCLAIMER **
==================================

- These sounds are part of a FREE add-on mod, therefore they can NOT be used for commercial use or profit by a third party.

- Modification, re-use or re-release of these files, whatever the destination platform, is expressly forbidden without the expressed permission of the author(s).

- These files are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied.

- The author(s) will not be held responsible for any losses incurred, either directly or indirectly by the use of these files.

- This is not a 10TACLE\SIMBIN\BLIMEY!GAMES product! 


